kind of a service call outside shooting
my brother's house but he has a broken
axle in his Honda Civic it's just
speeder car but he needs it for work so
just about change the axle he called me
up and he told me he lost his locking
lunda lug nut key for the wheels so my
solution was this well I'm not going to
go out and buy one of those removal
sockets because they're only good for a
couple uses because they wear out so
quickly and so screwed have this 58 half
inch drive socket and I just simply
fired up the good old make and hard to
do because it's a chrome socket make
chrome covered lug nut so it doesn't
weld very well but it's really hot so
let's see if that worked
and it turns nice
I don't really want to touch it is very
very hot okay cool alrighty let's Jack
this beast up and carry on with Java
already we're in now it's broken right
inside there so i can't really show you
yet may be able to see a little bit of
chalk it
but when I pull this out you'll actually
see the whole story it didn't break from
power I can assure you basically this
boot was ripped all the grease flowing
out of it and well just basically war
itself to the point where it was so weak
it just now let's get the scene out that
how I may as well give you a step by
step here next up is remove this big ass
nut Julia Oh can't get that nut off
because this is spinning however the ax
ilysm Kahuna cell in this case you need
somebody to either hold the bricks or
take your head screwdriver preferably
one that's broken stick it in the brake
rotor and give your well it's being
stubborn so I got to heat it up a little
bit because I'm kind of limited on tools
here I don't have a breaker bar so I'm
going to make this as easy as possible
here's a little trick you guys can learn
you just have an ordinary ratchet but
you need to be you know make it wander
to get more torque on it just take an
extension in the fat socket that fits
over to handle nicely and that will get
you that much longer but if six inches
six and a half inches and usually that's
enough to do what you need to do
especially if you're only working around
the house
oh cool
now that's going to be hot now so I
don't really want that's it too much oh
alrighty step three or four or whatever
step right here let's hope this nuts
gonna come off I hope without damaging
too much and also the tie rod or if you
really want to get pain in the nuts
you're up you can undo the ball joint
and then this bolt that's for shock but
if I remember correctly if I undo this
one and this tire rod it should be
enough to pull the whole assembly
outward and just allow me enough slack
to slide it out hey guys i lost my balls
mm-hmm anybody who doesn't know how a CV
shaft works who has not seen inside one
before well that's what it is that let
me see the girls in there well this ring
sits basically on top of here and it
holds metal balls in place and they
slide those metal balls then slide into
these grooves in here and that's what
allows your axle it's the exact same on
this side and that's what ask allows it
to move like this and still be able to
turn
so when your cv boot rips this rubber
thing and all the grease comes out well
it's only a matter of months or
sometimes even years before this gets so
worn out that it breaks away see it this
is what it should look like this is what
it shouldn't look like it's only a
matter of time before this happens and
well you get it automotive by sucking me
and you lose your balls mm-hmm alrighty
let's see if we got the right axle
replacement well looks good to me
lengthwise anyway let's see if the girth
is right well guys I'm fighting with
this new axle for a little while now
just wouldn't go in so i tried side miss
wanted to get it so i drink back yet no
problem so after closer inspection the
splines on this end right here or just a
little too fat these ones very skinny
oh well so it looks like I'm sending my
brother back to the parts store and he
can get another one because I don't feel
like it okay so the other actor was
totally wrong and now that I have this
one I can see that so this one should
slide right in and we have redneck
currency beer sweet alright cool we get
to work in night vision alrighty so got
this bolt back in here that connects the
stroke to the lower control arm next put
the ball joint back in or the upper ball
joint in and then the tie rod right
there alrighty the Sun has set and just
finished upper ball joints tight tie rod
it's nice and tight and the axle nuts
tight Brandon your CV shaft it's worth
about double the price of the cart cool
all right let's get into these get this
wheel on so we can get into our redneck
currency and we're done be your time
q